Are you a dear friend?
I have Enron.
I'll invest in your company.
Why do you have so much money?
I withdrew the money.
Dear, I'm not short of money.
There's 10 million of them.
Tomorrow, another 50 million will arrive.
Don't reject me.
Honey, get it.
The doctor said you have bad teeth.
Marry me will eat soft eat you.
I see your teeth are not good.
It has been withdrawn for you.
Everything you say now has no voice.
Don't blame me for talking.
I'm just curious.
You say you're so rich, why just Ran Ran?
I can too.
Hey, we all can.
Hey, yes, yes, yes, we all can, we all can, sister, I see you're gone.
What does that have to do with you?
That's great.
I'm serious.
Let me invest in your company.
So is my intention.
Although I'm a slightly older investor.
But luckily, the temperament wasn't bad.
Even if you lose money, you won't send it.
Sister-in-law, you really want to invest in our company.
Now we don't even have a limit for one game.
Maybe.
It's burning money.
It's okay.
It's all burned, I'll replenish it for you.
Tomorrow, you will have your lawyer sign an investment contract with you.
Try not to delay your initial game time limit.
There are no stupid investors like you.
Of course our child's dreams must be well fed?
Hello, Miss Xu, right?
I'm Xiao Nhien's mother.
Let's meet.